MAINT: Point the PR template to pre-commit (#6902)
networkx/networkx: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!--
Please use pre-commit to lint your code.

> For more details check out step 1 and 4 of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details check out step 1 and 4 of
```

> For more details check out https://networkx.org/documentation/latest/developer/contribute.html#development-workflow
> step 2 and step 4.

Reviewer: It looks like this should be step 1 and 4? (instead of 2 and 4).  Also, to make the lines shorter:
```suggestion
For more details check out step 1 and 4 of 
https://networkx.org/documentation/latest/developer/contribute.html#development-workflow
```
